# ArtemisFinancialReport
This project was for my client Artemis Financial, where I update their operations and secure their public web interface by adding a file verification step to ensure secure communication and protect client data and financial information. I took their current software application and integrated secure communication mechanisms to meet their software security requirements, ultimately delivering a production quality application with secure coding protocols. I used different verification methods such as checksum very well to make sure the software was secure. It was important to make this software secure not only to build trust with the customer, but also to avoid lawsuits and a ruined reputation. Getting the checksum to work was challenging at first, but I found out my error after a few hours of debugging. I increased security by implementing the AES algorithm and assessing the vulnerabilitiues. In the future, I would use a dependency check again, as it was quite relible in determining the vulnerabilites. To make sure that everything was secure, I used https and made sure the browser had that extra layer of security. By running the code multiple times after implementing my security protocols, I was able to ensure that my code was vulnerability free. As stated in my references of the report, I used a few sites for things like how to implement the algorithm as well as how to make my code higher quality. From this assignment, I can not only show future employers that I can write good code, but also that I can ensure the code has the highest level of security possible.
